Hey, good morning family.
I have another video for you all today.
The word that a lot of you all are getting at church is very lukewarm.
They're not teaching you how to stand on your faith, how to believe by faith, or how to pray in the Holy Ghost.
You would not believe the emails and the questions about the Holy Spirit—that nobody knows how to pray in tongues.
Nobody knows how to flow with the gifts and do what we are commissioned to do to be able to bring in the fire and get people free.
A lot of people are so bound because of lack of knowledge.
It says in the Bible, "My people perish for a lack of knowledge.
" I feel like God has commissioned me and put me on this platform to tell you what the Holy Spirit has told me and all the knowledge that I've received over the years from some big ministries just dumping into me, continually feeding on the Word and staying on that potter's wheel, allowing the Holy Spirit to mold me.
In that process, the potter's wheel has equipped me to be able to come on here today and be able to help you all.
The Lord gave me a Ferrari to drive—this beautiful Ferrari because I love Ferraris and I think they're really amazing cars.
So He gave me this amazing Ferrari.
This is the way the Lord showed me in the spirit whenever I pray over it.
I'm borrowing this Ferrari and driving it everywhere.
I'm so excited to have this Ferrari, but Dad—my Father—let me borrow it.
I don't have the title deed to the Ferrari by myself; they're not my keys.
It's not anything; He's just allowing me to drive it, kind of like I would allow my son to drive my car.
It's not his, but I'm allowing him to use it.
So, I'm not in control of the Ferrari.
I'm just allowed to drive it every once in a while when God says, "Hey, here's the keys.
Drive it.
" Everybody's so excited and thinks you're so cool because of that Ferrari, but the Ferrari was never yours to begin with.
And that's the way I look at the prophetic gifting.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of me.
I don't control any of it.
I can't make it happen.
If I could, I would operate in it all the time.
It comes by dying.
You have to die to self.
He entrusts you with more, and the more He entrusts you with, you're faithful with that amount of anointing.
You're faithful with that part of the prophetic gift and He'll make you ruler over much.
But if you're not faithful with the little and you don't handle this, He wants to see if it's going to destroy you.
This is what He's wanting to see: Can your character handle this gift?
If it can't, He doesn't say, "I'm done with you and I'm not going to use you anymore," because the gifts and the callings of God are without repentance.
They're on you regardless.
But He wants to see if your character can handle that pressure of that gift, that Ferrari.
Does the Ferrari change you, or do you just drive it and enjoy it until He says, "I need my keys back"?
It's the same way.
If you can't handle it, this is what He does: He puts you back on the potter's wheel.
He puts you back on the potter's wheel and that water starts spinning around and around.
You go faster and faster.
He dumps some more water on you and puts a little bit more pressure there.
I have a man who emails me—I don't remember your name, sir, I'd have to ask my wife, she tells me the emails—but he's a master potter and he makes sculptures and pottery for people.
He's brilliant; I've seen him do his work.
As he does his work, he puts his finger and his pressure on that pot and it makes it into a beautiful vase.
That's the way we are in the spirit realm, y'all.
If we're not ready, the Lord just puts us back on the potter's wheel.
And this is the way it is a lot of times.
I believe when you see people in the Bible, Moses took 80 years on the potter's wheel before he was used by God to go and lead the people out of Egypt.
It took 80 years for him to be on that potter's wheel for him to be ready.
It took 80 years for him to die to self: 40 years in the wilderness and 40 years being Pharaoh's son—80 altogether.
And then God said, "You're ready.
" He had a burning bush experience.
In that experience of 80 years, most people would have said, "Man, I'm 80 years old.
My life's over.
There's nothing that God can do with me.
" If you're 80 years old and you feel a tug on your heart to do something—maybe it's to make videos, maybe it's to do a YouTube channel, maybe God's called you to do something big—it is not over until it's over, as long as you stay on that potter's wheel.
I feel the Holy Ghost, and when it comes on me, I start crying.
As long as you stay on that potter's wheel, God's going to keep using you until the day He calls you home; there's nothing too big for God to work out in your flesh because the steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
What I'm trying to tell you is it took Paul and some of the disciples three years walking with Jesus before they started walking fully in their giftings and their call.
But if you start saying, "I have this treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power may be known of Him and not of me," He uses me; I don't use Him.
Less of me, more of Him.
In that process of being refined—the refiner's fire—what I'm trying to tell you all is what's coming to the body of Christ.
There is a great revival that's about to take place—a massive outpouring.
But I have told you what the Lord has showed me about a refiner's fire coming to His body.
It is a massive move coming.
Yes, it will be painful.
A refiner's process is painful sometimes to the flesh.
But in the process of the refiner's fire, it makes us less of us and more of Him.
We have a treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
Whenever we are dying to self—dying to our emotions—most people say, "Well, I've paid the price.
I moved my family to wherever to go to Bible school.
" No.
A person who's selling insurance will relocate and be a part of a new state or a new town.
People are moving from California to go live by Elon Musk in his new factory.
They're not going through a refiner's process because you moved your family.
A refiner's process is to die to self.
It's not my will, but Yours be done.
When you get in that dying to self—not my will, but Yours be done every single day—that's what does it.
The Apostle Paul says, "I die daily to myself that Christ may live in me.
" Christ needs to live in you.
You need to be at that spout where the glory comes out.
You need to be that person who is a yielded vessel that Jesus can use.
Without being yielded and being dead to self, you'll never be that person that God can flow through to the point where blind eyes will open and deaf ears will pop open, the lame, the leper, the dead—all of it.
Look at the process of even Jesus, the Son of God: 33 years before He even died for us.
But He was 30 years old before He even started His ministry.
Jesus had to go through a refiner's potter's process, anointed to the full, had the Holy Spirit without measure, and went through a process of 30 years before He even said to Mary, "It's not my time.
" He even went through a process whenever He was turning the water into wine, His first miracle.
Look at everything He went through; we don't have an account in the Gospels really of everything that He went through for those 30 years.
But you know, it was something that he was in me, memorizing the Bible verses, the Torah, things like that, getting the word down inside of him.
There was a process.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all: we die daily.
And that's why I was trying to tell this young man on Facebook that I have no ability on my own.
I am nothing without the Holy Spirit telling me what to tell you all on this camera.
I am so desperate as a man with hardly any education, with hardly anything to lean on in the natural for my flesh; he has stripped everything away from me.
I feel like a skeleton a lot of times with the wind blowing.
I'm so thirsty.
I'm so hungry.
And I have to sit at his feet for everything in my life: finances, stuff going on in my own flesh, my family, my children, my little girl who is overcoming.
He keeps me in a place of desperation on him, stripping back all the flesh.
Over the years, I've learned so much to lean on him, to seek him and I'll find him instead of trying to perform because of something I feel I have the ability to drive that Ferrari, and waiting on the Lord and being desperate in these end times.
In the process of being desperate, I'll tell you a story.
I put it on my Facebook trying to help people to tug them along the way.
William Seymour in the Azusa Street Revival—he was blind in one eye.
He was an African-American man.
Prejudice was crazy back then.
People were absolutely crazy over racial stuff, and he pressed through.
He pressed through the refiner's fire.
He pressed through the racial tension and all the stupidness of that.
He pressed through it and refused to let the color of his skin, refused to let all the pressure from all of the drama from one eye or anything stop him from allowing himself to be used by God.
It was a process.
Here he was.
Even whenever he started Azusa Street, he went in and started this in an old building.
He would come down the stairs and put a box over his head and he would pray in that box until God would allow him to take it off and the glory would come in.
This happened every single day for three and a half years, about the same time that Jesus was in his ministry.
He walked in, and the power and the glory were so strong on him that his wife would have to sleep on the couch because the electricity, the power, and the Shekinah glory were so strong and manifested on him that it would even affect her sleep at night.
If you touched him, the glory would flow out of him.
But that came with a price, which is what I'm trying to tell you.
It was a dying to self.
Just like I'm trying to tell you what happens to me; it's a dying to self.
Having a child with special needs, and the Lord tells you, 'Go and I want you to pray for people that are sick and I want you to lay hands on them.
' And I say, 'Lord, I feel like a hypocrite.
' 'Do it anyway.
' And being obedient, God uses me and he touches people and they're healed.
It's not me.
If I could turn on that switch for myself, y'all, I would be able to pray for my little girl and see an instantaneous manifestation.
I would go into these hospitals and pray for people and see them healed all the time.
But the Lord turns the switch on, is what I'm trying to tell you.
In the same way with William Seymour, he would sit there with that box on his head until the glory would settle in those meetings.
And he would do that every single service.
Sometimes it was five minutes, they say, and sometimes it was several hours, but he would just sit in there and they would sing songs.
As crazy as that may sound, it's a humbling process.
It's the Lord showing you: 'This is not your Ferrari.
You're just borrowing it.
' And when you get a hold of that, God will start using you.
It's not about you.
Yes, you can walk around with the zeal of a teenager and be excited that God has a call on your life, and it's like he tips his hat to you.
But he says, 'Get on the wheel.
Get on the wheel and then I'll use you and I'll do something big in your life.
' Without the potter's wheel and dying to self, self is in the way.
Flesh is in the way.
And you've got to get self and flesh out of the way.
And the way you get it on there is by getting on your knees, praying in the spirit, refiner's fire, getting in the word, continually dying daily to self.
And in that process, it would be all of him and none of you.
I have this treasure in an earthen vessel, that the excellency of the power will be known of you, Lord, and not of me.
I hope this message helped you today.
This is what I had on my heart.
Let me pray for you right now.
Let me agree with you in prayer for some things you're believing for.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we come before you boldly and we thank you, Father, that my brothers and sisters are hungry for you.
There's a great revival that's about to take place upon this country.
You've showed me this great revival even today.
You told me about the tents.
You told me about the people.
You told me about the manifestations and the glory of God coming in a wave like we've never seen before.
But I thank you, Father, for the refiner's fire.
Make me better.
Make me pure.
By the fire that does refine where the breath of God is sweeter, there his brightest glory shines.
Lift us high up to the mountain into fellowship with you.
And in that light, I'll see the fountain of his blood that cleanses you.
Father, I thank you for the refining fire today.
Touch these people, Father.
Make them the vessel that can be used by you, Holy Spirit.
Create in them a clean heart, Father, that we are more like you and less of us every single day.
Father, we are not a branch that's separated from the vine, but we are a part of the vine.
We are stuck to you; we are stuck onto the main part of the vine.
And I thank you, Lord, that that's where the healing rivers flow.
When you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
I call healing over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We decree and declare the healing power of God to flow on the inside of them right now.
We take authority over sickness and disease.
We take authority over diabetes.
We take authority over heart disease.
We take authority over liver cancers and fatty livers.
We take authority over brain tumors and over all kinds of brain disorders, Alzheimer's, and dementia.
We plead the blood of Jesus over the sickness right now.
We take authority over all sickness and disease, whatever ails them in their body.
We want to be at the spout where the glory comes out, Lord, in these last days, so that we are able to be used by you.
Father, that we're able to be that vessel that is dead to self and you are alive in us—it's not us.
We're not using you; you're using us, Father.
It's not our gift; it's your gift and your ability in us.
Oh Lord, I praise you God for the Holy Spirit.
He is the comforter and he dwells on the inside of us.
Help us to go higher.
Help us to soar on wings like eagles.
Help us to be more like you.
Less of us and more of you.
For in that, Father, is where the glory lies for this last outpouring that you want to do upon this earth.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you create in us a clean heart.
Create in me a clean heart, Lord, for the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart that is perfect towards him.
Father, let your eyes rest upon me today.
Let your eyes rest, Lord, so that you're not having to look throughout the whole earth anymore.
Let us be that vessel that you're looking for for this end-time outpouring to save the lost.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Father, I thank you for the end-time outpouring, for creative miracles; blinded eyes will see, deaf ears will hear, and the dead will rise again.
Greater works will we do, Lord, as you said.
Help us to be the salt.
Help us to be that salt that makes people thirsty.
When we go into places, Father, let us not be preaching to them without fire.
Father, let the glory of God be so manifest and made manifest on us that when we go into those places, the glory of God would shine upon our faces like it did for Moses when he had his burning bush experience.
He did that under the old covenant, Lord, and we have a new covenant.
Come visit us once again, oh God; come visit us once again.
Give us a burning bush experience, Father, so that the glory would shine upon our faces, that people would see the light and the glory on our lives.
And all we can do is turn them to you and tell them about how good God is and how much you love us and how much you did for us on that cross.
Father, I give you glory and honor and praise for everybody that you're going to use; there is going to be a major outpouring of your spirit on these people.
The people on this YouTube channel who are watching me right now are here for such a time as this.
It's about the last harvest of souls that you told me you desire so much.
You said, "I wish that all men would come unto me," and as in John, "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
" I thank you, Father, that that's what you're wanting to do in these days—that you gave your love and you gave your life for us so that we would have a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ and a revelation of what you did when you said, "I give you a comforter, and the comforter is going to come and abide in you.
" He's going to come and abide in you; he's going to come and set the captives free through you, and that's the great Holy Spirit.
The Holy Spirit's going to dwell in you.
I sing songs to him: Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Fill all the hungry that are empty within; restore us, oh father, revive us again.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Fill all the hungry and empty within; fill us, oh father, revive us again.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Lord, in thy presence there's healing divine; no other power can save Lord but thine.
Fill all the hungry and empty within; no other power can save Lord but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Thou art welcome in this place.
Rest in him today.
Practice his presence every day, for in his presence there's fullness of joy and fullness of peace.
If you need peace or joy in your life—if you've found you're down, depressed, or having anxiety attacks, I see those in the comments—practice his presence.
For in his presence there's peace and joy.
We take authority over every demonic spirit that is attached to these brothers and sisters right now in the name of Jesus.
No matter what it is, we command you to release them right now in the name of Jesus.
You are free, for whom the son has set free is free indeed.
You are free from demonic strongholds in Jesus' name.
We bind those devils off of you and we say freedom is yours in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, for setting these people free today by the power of your Holy Spirit.
We just want to say thank you for joining us today.
Thank you for all the likes, the kind comments, the love, and the love gifts, and how much you've supported my channel.
I'm so thankful for you being a part of our family.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Thank you for being a part of our family.
Have a blessed day, everybody.
We'll see you again.